In the meantime in the context of the presently somewhat deficiently structured proceedings not yet fully and formally pleaded, and from which there has been thus far absent the critical off-shore source (ie JRTS ) of the subject television signals, I am of the view that I should defer the consideration of the grant of any interlocutory relief at least until there has been further clarification of the critical issues inherent to the dispute, including issues as to joinder of all necessary parties.
In any event, having regard to Maskiell's voluntary delivery up of the items in question, I am of the view that the conduct the subject of these charges does not warrant punishment for contempt.
Under the AWA, a probationary employee is entitled to 3 months notice of termination.
I am however of the view that the arguments are more or less a refashioning of those put to the Federal Magistrate and should in any event be considered by this Court, particularly as he is a self-represented party.
Further, Mr McIlwain was of the view that certain managers, some of whom did not support Work Choices would automatically grant such leave if requested to do so.
I am of the view that Brother Japan's consent for the purposes of s 123 of the Act is not to be implied from the fact that another member of the Brother corporate group may have, contrary to my finding, given its consent.
His Honour was of the view that the Tribunal correctly applied clause 421.
No comment was made upon the view of the Court of Appeal on that topic, although Brennan J in agreeing with the result of the plurality judgment at 471 made some additional comments upon it.
It was of the view that if he had been in fear as claimed, he would not have continued to live at his home address in India.
27 Although, because of the construction that I have adopted of s 853(2) of the WR Act, it is not necessary for me finally to determine whether the judgment of the District Court pronounced on 15 October 2007 is interlocutory, I strongly incline in favour of the view that it is interlocutory.
'Mr Prescott [for the plaintiff] made clear that the purpose of his proposed cross-examination of the first defendant is a free-ranging one.
He proposes to question him as to the whereabouts of his assets world-wide.
He proposes to question him as to his knowledge of and part played in transactions in counterfeit Baygon wherever they may have happened.
