The applicant submitted that until an order of the court was relevantly made, if otherwise permissible, declaring the CDS Collective Agreement to be void under s 409(a) , it was taken to be in force.
12 In view of my conclusions, the order of the Court will be that the application is dismissed with costs and the name of the first respondent will be changed to the Minister for Immigration and Citizenship.
In the event of liberty to apply under Order 3 not being availed of in the time permitted, the Court will make no order for compensation.
I certify that the preceding eighteen (18) numbered paragraphs are a true copy of the Reasons for Judgment herein of the Honourable Justice Marshall.
'I can very well see that on the particular facts of many cases --- perhaps most cases --- the court might not consider it "just and convenient" to order the cross-examination of a defendant who has filed an affidavit in purported compliance with a Mareva order, in a case where the plaintiff has not yet seen fit to issue a motion for contempt and is not seeking an order for the swearing of a second affidavit by the defendant concerned.
Lord Justice Slade made those remarks in the course of overruling the decision of Scott J at first instance, which decision had been to the effect that a court did not have the power under s 37 of the Supreme Court Act 1981 (UK) to make an order requiring cross-examination ancillary to compliance with a Mareva order, in the absence of circumstances whereby a justiciable issue is before the Court in respect of which the evidence of the deponent is relevant to the resolution thereof, for instance where the deponent of the disclosure affidavit was the subject of a contempt motion.
'The tribunal affirms the decision under review in relation to the inclusion of the sum of $1,228,500 in the applicant's assessable income for the year ended 30 June 1988, but in relation to penalty remits the matter to the respondent with the direction that the assessment for that income year be amended by remitting additional tax in full.
In that sense, the Tribunal exercised the discretion for the purpose of reviewing the objection decision and any argument that it did not must be rejected.
24 For the foregoing reasons, the appeal must be dismissed with costs.
In this case, there was no obligation upon the R R T to provide the Applicant with a transcript of the information provided to the R R T by George Ddungu.
A consideration of the letter dated 27 February 2004 [32] demonstrates that the R R T conveyed the information the Tribunal then considered would be the reason or a part of the reason for affirming the decision under review, to the Applicant in clear and precise terms.
Plainly enough, the Applicant understood the content of the letter and responded comprehensively [33].
102 Accordingly, the application must be dismissed.
18 It is preferable to allow sufficient time to elapse to permit the parties' agreement to take effect.
I will place the onus on the Union to re-agitate this issue within 28 days of these reasons for judgment, failing which there will be no order made under s 298U(c) concerning compensation and the file will be closed.
