Branson J found that the respondent controlled the Adelaide Institute and caused material to be placed on the Adelaide Institute's website.
7 The Tribunal considered a letter from a friend of the appellants which was provided and found that the account contained in that letter was different from the account given by the representatives of the appellants.
In Aberdeen Construction 52 TC 281, Lord President Emslie found that expenditure by the taxpayer in the form of loans to a company that were later waived was not the kind of expenditure to which paragraph 4(1)(b) was directed and the paragraph was therefore not applicable.
13 The Tribunal found that while the appellant may be a nominal member of the HRA, there was no independent evidence before the Tribunal indicating that ordinary members of the HRA (numbering about 16,000) are persecuted in Turkey.
I have already found that the first respondent had reasonable grounds for making representations as to its total revenue --- which derived from the proceeds of sale of the fruit crops --- in 2005 (para 13(a)) and as to its costs of production (para 13(b)).
18 I have found that the eighty-third and ninety-second respondents have been served with the originating process and have made no, or no proper, effort, to respond to the Court's processes.
The Magistrate also found that there was collusion between Mr Richard Gaunt and Mr Marzec to breach copyright by Beaumonde copying the Atrium Gaunt plans and building the house in accordance with the copied plans.
The Tribunal found that, given the seriousness of those charges, the appellant would be wanted for at least questioning by the appropriate authorities in Bangladesh and that the police there had a legitimate reason to issue an arrest warrant and visit his house immediately after the incident.
The Tribunal found that it was "not satisfied that the authorities have a genuine, continuing interest in the applicant for a Convention reason or that there is a real chance that he would be seriously harmed for a convention reason by the authorities if he were to return to Israel".
His Honour found that the representations alleged were incapable of supporting a cause of action in fraud, negligence or under s 52 of the Trade Practices Act or s 38 of the Fair Trading Act 1989 (Q).
The Tribunal found that Ahmadis are free to practice their religion openly and find it no bar to achieving high status in life.

