The content of the obligation to provide procedural fairness does not require an applicant be provided with "a transcript of the evidence" [50] gathered by the Tribunal.
The 'anxieties expressed by Scott J', and also referred to by Waller LJ in Den Norske Bank , appear in Scott J's earlier reasons for judgment in Bayer AG v Winter (No 2) [1986] 1 WLR 540.
There was no sufficiently detailed or otherwise cogent evidence as to who exercised the substantial or underlying control of decision making of TIL, or as to the basis of or reasons for such alleged indebtedness having crystallised in the first place.
The state of the evidence as to the control of TIL was itself the subject of disputation before Moore J and senior counsel for the Sharman applicants sought to attribute error to his Honour's judgment for the further reason that he had failed to make a finding as to Ms Hemming's control, or otherwise, of that entity.
44 The Tribunal reviewed the facts reflected at paras [4] to [16], the articulated basis for the claim for a well-founded fear of persecution identified at para [18], the chronology of events, documents and correspondence described at paras [21] to [43] and made the following findings.
The evidence put before the Tribunal reflected a number of inconsistencies.
Where the exercise of a power or discretion is relevant to the making of the decision under review then, if requested, the Tribunal may exercise the discretion.
23 There can be no doubt, in the present case, that the exercise by the Tribunal of the discretion to remit the matter of the additional tax to the Commissioner with a direction that the additional tax be remitted in full is relevant to the making of the objection decision, if not dependent upon it.
Arising out of that consideration, information may form a part of the reason for affirming a decision in which event the R R T has a duty to put that information to the Applicant and invite comment upon it.
The content of the obligation to provide procedural fairness does not require an applicant be provided with "a transcript of the evidence" [50] gathered by the Tribunal.
That aspect of the case was rejected because the Tribunal found that the authorities would take steps to protect her if she were subject to physical harm.
